1. Introduction



PLCD (Product Line Change Detector) is a Java-based application that automatically identifies unintentional changes both between versions of a single product and between different products in a software product line. It processes SysML model files generated by Papyrus and takes change logs, FMECA, and valid unit lists to filter out expected changes and rank unexpected changes.

2. Inputs

PLCD takes the following inputs:

a) SysML Block Definition Diagram (BDD) and Parametric Diagram (PD) for P1 and P2: These files need be generated by Papyrus 

b) Change Log: The table that records all the changes needed

c) Change List: The table that records intended SysML artifact changes

d) FMECA (Failure mode, effects, and criticality analysis) for P1 and P2

e) Customized Unit List: The table that lists valid units defined by users

3. Outputs

PLCD produces the following outputs:

a) Updated SysML Block Definition Diagram (BDD) and Parametric Diagram (PD) for P2

b) An identification report that records identified issues

b) A update report that records updated issues

4. How to use

a) Copy and paste the inputs with required filenames to corresponding folders under the root XMIParser folder:

i) SysML models: Put model1.notation, model1.uml, model2.notation, model2.uml to folder xmi (model.notation and model.uml     are automatically generated by Papyrus

ii) Changes: Put ChangeList.csv and ChangeLog.csv to change folder

iii) FMECA: Put Priority1.csv and Priority2.csv to priority folder 

iiii) Unit Lists: Put CustomList.csv to units folder

b) Open the project in Eclipse (Photon) and run ModelModifier.java. The GUI will pop up and show a list of identified issues. Then press "Generete Report" button and select "Identifaction" to generate the identification report. After selecting the issues needs to be updated in the interface, pressing "Generete Report" button and selecting "Update" can generate the update report. The updated SysML models will be in res folder. The reports will be in report folder.

5. Example

The uploaded code has Isolette example files in corresponding folders. 

